every mahute gets a no his elephants
moves when it's happy sleepy or hungry
it's one mouthful and when it's angry so
will they bear grudges against people
that have live yeah it's been known
that's happy and an elephant can bear a
grudge for a very long time indeed
taking revenge months or even years
later one elephant tricked into taking
some foul tasting medicine by visiting
vet got revenge by throwing rocks and
stones at the man whenever he came back
so it's true elephants don't forget but
there's another thing a strange bit of
elephant biology that can turn a
normally docile elephant into an
unpredictable and lethal defender every
year male elephants going to a state of
sexual arousal their testicles double in
size flooding their bodies with powerful
hormones glands weep on the side of
their heads and they dribble urine
constantly it's known as being in must
this is a must elephant and I was about
to see just how unpredictable and
dangerous they can be
watching this gave me a whole new
perspective on the so-called gentle
giant and made it all too easy to
imagine what would happen if an elephant
in Muscat holding
that's great serious I was introduced to
mahute who incredibly had survived an
attack by an elephant in must and what
happened to Vidya region was attacked by
an elephant
this happened in 83 the elephant pushed
him against there was there was some
coconut you know for they stopped she
was pushed into the coconut fodder
Nelson busyness was it stabbing him with
his tusks
luckily the elephant and step on his leg
or he would have been in order to power
see this is where the Tusk squinting
yeah you're very lucky man
and this at the back as well just one
year do you see the tusks the shape of
the tusks yeah this is how he was in a
certain and it's come out the back here
as well yep that's incredible
so it was a very serious thing the
elephant lifted him up and carried him
for some time and his tusks and then
dropped him down and he took him for
dead because he was anxious can you tell
him that is is a very brave man to be
working with elephants - we don't know
anger today you didn't do that it is
amazing
he'll the dick
you
despite their usual gentle nature and
calm appearance anyone who works with
elephants will tell you that they could
kill you in an instant this is one
hugely strong and unpredictable offender
that demands massive respect
you